---
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

**Your privacy is important to us.** This Privacy Policy document explains the
collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through Slai. This
Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or
applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.

**Effective Date**: October 3, 2022

This policy describes how Smartshare Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “Company”) collects,
aggregates, stores, safeguards and uses the data and information (including
non-public personal information, or “NPI”) provided by users through our
website, [www.slai.io](http://www.hex.tech/) (the “Site”), as well as
information collected by us through other means, including by email, over the
phone, or in offline communications. This Site is operated by the Company and
has been created to provide information about our company, products, and
services (together, the “Services”). This policy applies to the Site, the
Services, and our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and
application program interfaces (collectively, "Application"). The Site,
Application and Services together are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the “Site.”

**We take your privacy and the security of your information seriously.**

This policy explains:

- What information we collect

- How we use the information we collect

- Choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used

- How we protect personal information electronically and physically

This policy is incorporated into and a material term of your registration and/or
use of Company’s products and services, including our website,
[www.slai.io.](http://www.hex.tech/) By using the Site, you consent to the
practices set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**Information You Provide to Us**

Company collects information from you when you choose to provide it to us
through the Site or through any other means. This may include when you create an
account on the Site, register or request products or services, request
information from us, sign up for newsletters or our email lists, use our Site,
or otherwise contact us.

The information we collect may include your name, address, email address,
telephone or mobile phone number, and information from other third-party
applications you connect to the Site. You may be required to provide certain
personal and/or business information to apply for and receive Company products
or services.

**Information We Automatically Collect**

We may use cookies or other technologies to automatically collect certain
information when you visit our Site or interact with our emails. For example, if
you are responding to an offer, promotional email or other email from us, we may
automatically populate your personal information into our system once you enter
your offer code or similar identifying device or otherwise accept your offer or
promotion. Additionally, we may automatically collect certain non-personal
information from you such as your browser type, operating system, software
version, and Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We also may collect information
about your use of the Site, including the date and time of access, the areas or
pages that you visit, the amount of time you spend using the Site, the number of
times you return, whether you open, forward, or click-through emails, and other
Site usage data.

You may adjust your browser or operating system settings to limit this tracking
or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain
features on the Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the
"Help" menu of your browser or operating system to learn how to adjust your
tracking settings or cookie preferences. Please note that our system may not
respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.

**HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

Company uses the data and information you provide in a manner that is consistent
with this Privacy Policy and applicable law. If you provide personal data for a
certain reason, we may use the personal data in connection with the reason for
which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the
personal data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also,
if you provide personal data in order to obtain access to the Site, we will use
your personal data to provide you with access to the Site and to monitor your
use of the Site.

Company may also use your personal data and other personally non-identifiable
information collected through the Site or the provision of the Services to help
us improve the content and functionality of the Site or the Services, to better
understand our users and to improve the Site and the Services. Company and its
affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you
about services we believe will be of interest to you. If at any time you wish
not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name
deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.

**SHARING OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

Company is not in the business of selling your information. There are, however,
certain circumstances in which we may share your personal data with certain
third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

**Agents, Consultants and Third Party Service Providers:**

Company, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform
certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing
information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ
another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with
the information that they need to perform their specific function.

**Business Transfers:**

As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the
event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event,
personal data may be part of the transferred assets.

**Related Companies:**

We may also share your personal data with our corporate affiliates and
subsidiaries, if any, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**Legal Requirements:**

Company may disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in the
good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal
obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Company, (iii) act
in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site, the
Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.

**LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES**

The Site may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies
that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such
sites, nor does any such link imply that Company endorses or has reviewed the
third-party site subject to such link. We suggest contacting those sites
directly for information on their privacy policies.

**CHILDREN AND MINORS**

Company does not knowingly collect personal data from minors under the age of
18\. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal data
through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their
children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing
their children never to provide personal data without the parent’s permission.
If you have reason to believe that a minor under the age of 18 has provided
personal data to Company through the Site, please contact us, and we will
endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

**DATA SECURITY**

We have taken certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard
the information we collect from and about our customers and Site visitors. While
we make reasonable efforts to help ensure the integrity and security of our
network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures. Therefore, you
should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to the Company via
the Internet.

**ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

To keep your personal data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as
specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct personal
information in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Site.

**INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS**

This section applies to the personal information we may collect from California
residents that use the Site and our compliance with the California Consumer
Privacy Act (“CCPA”).

The CCPA provides California residents that use the Site, subject to
limitations, the right to request more details about the types or specific
pieces of personal information we collect (as described in the “Information We
Collect” section), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any
“sales” that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for making
requests protected by the CCPA.

California residents that use the Site may make a request pursuant to their
rights under the CCPA by contacting us at support@slai.io. Please mark your
inquiry “CCPA Request”. We will verify your request using the information you
have provided to us in use of the Site, including email address.
Government-issued identification may be required in order to process your
request. California residents that use the Site can also designate an authorized
agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.

**INFORMATION FOR EEA USERS**

If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may
transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S.
laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your
country. If you do not want your information transferred to the United States,
do not use the Site.

**_What Rights Do I Have?_**

Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in
respect of your NPI, including the right of access, rectification, restriction,
opposition, erasure and data portability. Where possible, we rely on user
consent as a lawful basis for processing personal data and obtain such consent
in compliance with applicable laws. In some cases, Company may process NPI
pursuant to legal obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of
another person.

**_How May I Exercise My Individual Rights?_**

Company users may access and update their NPI by sending an email to
support@slai.io. Users located within the EEA may contact us with questions or
requests regarding their NPI using the contact information below. Please note
that Company may request additional information from you to verify your identity
before we disclose any personal or account information. We only send marketing
communications to users we believe to be located in the EEA with your prior
consent, and you may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the
“unsubscribe” link found within Company email updates and changing your contact
preferences. Please note, you will continue to receive essential account-related
information, even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails.

**_Who Can I Contact at Company Regarding Data Protection Issues?_**

Company has designated a Data Protection Officer to assist with data privacy and
data protection issues. You may contact him or her by emailing
[support@slai.io](mailto:support@slai.io) and addressing your questions or
concerns to the Data Protection Officer.

**IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or the practices
described herein, you may contact us at support@slai.io.

**CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT**

Company reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. When we
do, we will post the change(s) on the Site. This Privacy Policy was last updated
on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or
revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of
such revised Privacy Policy.
